remove submodule and fixes for reproducibility (#134)
USGS-R/drb-estuary-salinity-ml: README.md

## To analyze model output and produce figures:

7) To calculate functional performance for model output:
    - make sure that the parameters in `Snakefile_model_analysis` lines 9-13 describe the desired model run, sources, sinks, and years for analysis (note: functional performance is calculated on an annual basis).
    - run `snakemake -s Snakefile_model_analysis calc_functional_performance_wrapper -j` and the results should be written to two csv files starting with `04_analysis/out/{run_id}_` where `{run_id}` is the run_id specified in `03_model/model_config.yaml`.
8) To reproduce manuscript figures:
    - make sure that the `run_id` parameter in `04_analysis/src/results.R` describes the correct model run (it should probably match the run_id you specifed in `03_model/model_config.yaml`)
    - check that the correct filepath for your RScript.exe is inserted in `rule generate_manuscript_figures` in `Snakefile_model_analysis`
    - run `snakemake -s Snakefile_model_analysis generate_manuscript_figures -j`

>     - run `snakemake -s Snakefile_model_analysis generate_expected_gradient_figure -j`; note that this job may fail due to filsystem latency, but if you check in the `04_analysis/fig` folder you will see the output `fig_7_201.pdf` has been generated

Author: ```suggestion
    - run `snakemake -s Snakefile_model_analysis generate_expected_gradient_figure -j`; note that this job may fail due to filesystem latency, but if you check in the `04_analysis/fig` folder you will see the output `fig_7_2019.pdf` has been generated
```
